Hi, Mystery Recapped here.
Today I’m going to explain the first two
episodes of an American fantasy drama series,
“Sweet Tooth,” Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care!
At the beginning of the episode, a man named
Aditya Singh narrates his daily life as a
doctor.
He and his wife Rani live a happy and simple
life together.
Until one day at work, a woman with a strange
disease visits the doctor; her pinky finger
moves aggressively as a symptom of the disease.
A new kind of virus named H5G9 is discovered
in her blood.
The very next day, Aditya goes to work to
see several such cases.
The government declares the outbreak as an
emergency, claiming that the H5G9 virus is
the deadliest virus of all time.
Experts predict the number of infected people
will reach more than it did during the black
plague.
Chaos ensues in the world as shops, factories,
and hospitals start closing.
One day, the doctor wakes up to his wife coughing
on the floor.
She, too, has gotten the virus.
He rushes her to the hospital through the
crowd of people in the same situation.
While at the hospital, Aditya is called by
a nurse who seems to be in shock.
The maternity ward is filled with newborn
babies who all have features of different
animals.
The word soon gets out as every baby in the
world is born as a human and animal hybrid.
People start to hate the babies saying that
they are the ones who caused the virus outbreak.
Others believe that the virus caused such
babies to be born.
But no one knows for sure how they came into
existence.
While the whole world trembles in the fear
of the virus, one father moves into the wilderness
with his child for protection.
His son, Gus, born as a human deer hybrid,
is one of the first-ever hybrid babies.
The man reaches an abandoned house in the
middle of the woods and reforms it to make
it his own.
Days pass as he takes care of Gus and reconstructs
the house, making it suitable for them both
to live.
He even builds a fence around the area to
protect him and Gus.
He writes books for Gus to read but doesn’t
teach him much about the outside world.
Gus grows up quickly and starts calling his
father Pubba.
Gus soon turns four years old, still unknown
to the world outside the fence.
Pubba teaches his kid to duck if he hears
a growl, run if he hears a voice, and hide
if he ever sees a human.
A montage of the father and son playing in
the snow, fishing, reading books, and cooking
together is shown.
One day while they are out, an airplane passes
overhead.
Pubba shuts Gus’s ears and tells him it
is just a big bird.
The plane is distributing pamphlets that advertise
a safe place for hybrids called the preserves.
He throws the papers away, not wanting to
take the kid into the world.
On one of Gus’s birthdays, he gives him
a stuffed toy which Gus brings everywhere
with him.
One day, while Gus reads a book in the jungle,
he sees a dear nearby.
He runs to his father to tell him that he
saw his mother.
Pubba tells him that his mother was a human
named Birdie, and she is no more.
He also claims that there are bad people outside
the fence who harm kids like him, so he should
never cross the fence.
One night, Pubba brings out a box with a picture
and stuff from his old life.
He buries the box in the woods, letting go
of his past completely.
On Gus’s tenth birthday, Pubba gives him
a slingshot which the boy loves a lot.
While playing with it, he ends up outside
the fence.
Before anyone can see him, Pubba grabs the
kid and rushes him back to the house.
He scolds him for putting his life in danger,
making little Gus cry.
Later that day, a man comes near the fence,
calling for his sister.
Gus threatens the man to go away, claiming
that his sister isn’t there, but before
leaving, he gets a glimpse of Gus hiding in
the back.
The man marks the fence as an area that has
hybrid humans, revealing that he is actually
a hybrid children hunter.
Pubba freaks out and makes Gus hide.
He goes out to fight the man and doesn’t
return for the whole night.
A scared Gus stays in the dark for the night
and comes outside when the sun rises.
Just then, Pubba returns with injuries on
himself.
Gus helps his father and brings him to a bed,
but Pubba knows that he has gotten the virus.
Since hybrid humans are immune to it, he isn’t
worried about Gus getting the virus, but Pubba
has limited time now.
He teaches Gus some basic survival skills
and asks him to get eggs from the ducks for
breakfast.
When Gus returns with them, Pubba is dead
on a seat holding a key.
Gus takes the key and cries quietly, mourning
his father’s death.
After that day, he starts living on his own
and manages to do it to some extent.
He makes animal figures from dried grass and
talks to them to feel less isolated.
After ten winters pass, the boy has learned
to do almost everything he needs to stay alive.
But some days are more difficult than others.
One day, the isolation gets the best of him,
making him burn his animal figures during
broad daylight.
The smoke from the fire attracts men, who
hunt creatures like him.
Later that same day, Gus notices a heart drawn
on the forest’s map and goes to look for
it.
It is the place where Pubba had buried the
box with his wife’s picture in it.
Gus opens the box with the key Pubba had with
him when he died.
Gus then looks at his mother’s face for
the first time and sees the picture has “Colorado”
written at the bottom.
With the intention of finding his mom, the
little boy decides to go to Colorado.
He packs everything he needs and takes a map
of the US with him.
After the preparation, the naive kid makes
his way to the fence.
He sees a candy lying on the ground and eats
it but soon finds out it is a trap.
Two hybrid hunters catch the boy and are surprised
to see he can talk.
They know Gus is very valuable, so instead
of shooting him, they decide to hold him for
ransom.
Just then, a man shoots one of the hunters
dead and chases the other one away.
Gus runs back to his home and hides, but he
is followed by the man who saved him.
He finds Gus and is surprised to see he has
been living alone this whole time.
At first, Gus seems afraid of him and hits
him with his slingshot several times but soon
realizes he isn’t a bad person.
The man reveals that he was thinking about
turning Gus in to the officials who use hybrid
babies for experiments.
But decided against it when he saw Gus is
more human than a deer.
The man calls Gus “sweet tooth” and asks
him to stay inside the fence for his own safety
before leaving.
After the man is gone, Gus thinks about him
for a while and suddenly decides to break
all of his father’s rules and goes behind
the man.
He follows him with his amazing ability to
smell and finds the man near a cliff.
The first episode ends as Gus calls the man
“Big man” and asks him to take him to
Colorado.
In the second episode, we are introduced to
a woman named Aimee, who used to be a therapist
before the virus outbreak.
She stayed in her office for a few years after
the outbreak, going out only when she had
to.
Until one day, when she decides to step outside
for the first time in years.
Outside, everything is abandoned, and the
streets are deserted.
Suddenly, she notices a herd of elephants
walking in the streets towards her.
Amiee, who was fed up with her tedious everyday
routine, felt alive for the first time in
years.
She visits a zoo nearby and finally finds
what makes her happy.
She starts taking care of the animals and
growing her own food.
Meanwhile, Gus follows Big man even after
being told to go back to his house repeatedly.
The man tries to get rid of the boy several
times but is unsuccessful.
At night he stops to rest and eats canned
food.
Gus watches him from behind the tree, knowing
that he can see him.
The man gives Gus some food and sleeps.
While he is asleep, Gus sees his bag is full
of canned food.
He eats all of them, including the man’s
medicines which he desperately needs.
When the man wakes up the following day, he
is furious at the kid and asks him to go back
immediately.
Gus says that he can help the man collect
more food using his nose.
He then shows the man a Visitor's Center nearby.
The man makes him go inside the house to steal
the food while he stays outside to keep guard.
Gus reluctantly walks in and is fascinated
to see different modern things.
But then, he notices a deer’s head mounted
on the wall and retreats, falling into a trap.
A little boy finds him there and calls his
parents.
The three watch Gus in awe as he tells them
to leave his head alone.
In the following scene, we see the family
of three treating the man and Gus to a meal.
They wear masks to be safe from them in case
they have the virus.
It turns out the family had run away from
the city when the outbreak occurred and has
never met another person since.
The man tells them that the virus is still
out there, and some people have it, but it
is not as widespread as it was before because
people live isolated lives.
The kid named Rusty tries to touch Gus’s
horns but is stopped by his mother.
Gus then shows them his mother’s picture
and asks them if they know her.
The mother of the family says that she doesn’t.
She allows him and Rusty to play together
after confirming that Gus doesn’t bite.
The boys soon become friends, and the mother
delightedly watches them play.
At the same time, the father talks to Big
man and recognizes him as a famous football
player Tommy Jepperd.
Tommy confirms he used to be a sportsman before
the virus outbreak.
When asked what he wants from the family,
Tommy replies that he only wants some food
and a place to stay for the night.
They agree to help him and Gus.
Somewhere else, the doctor we saw at the beginning
of the series, Aditya Singh, still lives with
his wife, Rani.
Rani has been suffering from the sickness
since its outbreak but is living off medicines
that a colleague of Aditya makes.
They still live in their old home but away
from most people, getting out only when they
have to.
We see the couple playing scrabble and missing
the fact that there is no internet.
Just then, Rani’s finger starts to move
involuntarily, suggesting that the effect
of the medicine is wearing off.
The doctor gives her another dose leaving
only one more dose left.
Later that day, he goes to his doctor friend
who manufactures the medicines.
There, Aditya gets to know that she is in
the last stage of cancer and cannot continue
to work anymore.
She has been working actively to find a cure
to the virus throughout the years and doesn’t
want her work to go to waste.
The doctor gives Aditya her notes which also
has the procedure to make Rani’s medicines.
She sees off Aditya after a last goodbye,
telling him to continue the research.
Aditya comes back home with the notes and
doesn’t seem too happy about being handed
the work.
Rani thinks it is great because Aditya himself
can save her now.
But then, she looks into the doctor’s notes
and is shocked.
Aditya claims that his colleague’s gruesome
work goes against everything he believes in.
Back at the visitor’s center, Tommy and
Rusty’s mother have a chat about Tommy’s
wrongdoings.
She calls him out for killing people, and
Tommy claims he did it for survival.
We do not know what they are talking about
yet.
Tommy asks the mother to keep Gus with her
family but she doesn’t reply.
Later, the mother puts Gus and Rusty to sleep
together.
Gus is saddened to see Rusty’s mother taking
care of him and feels a little jealous.
The mother looks at Birdie’s picture again
and recognizes the background as Red Rocks.
At night, Gus cannot fall asleep and goes
downstairs to find Tommy about to walk out
of the house with all his stuff.
As they talk, some hybrid hunters approach
the house alerting the two.
Soon, the family wakes up as well and finds
out the people are looking for Gus.
They are willing to kill everyone to get the
little boy.
Tommy sees a bear trap mounted on the wall
and attacks the hunters with it.
He kills most of them, but their leader manages
to get to Gus.
He is almost about to shoot him but stops
when a deer suddenly appears behind the little
boy.
Distracted by the deer, he doesn’t notice
Tommy behind and is killed by him.
It is now the following day; the family apologizes
to Tommy because they cannot keep Gus.
They like the kid, but the family’s safety
is their first priority.
At last, Gus and Tommy leave for the nearest
town after saying their goodbyes.
In the following scene, we see the former
therapist Amiee working in her zoo.
Suddenly, she hears a noise outside and goes
to check it.
A surprised Amiee finds a little human and
pig hybrid baby outside at the entrance.
The episode ends as Tommy and Gus go on a
journey that will lead them to paths beyond
their imagination.
All the characters are destined to meet and
potentially, change the course of the world.
Subscribe for more videos like this, turn
on notifications, and leave a like to help
the channel out.
Thank you for watching.